I'm here. If you need anything, I'll come.
Let go of my grandpa. Come in,
Tell me, where is my father?
You come down first,
Brother Maozhao, as long as you are
Let my grandpa go, I'll come in now,
I can take care of it for you.
Come on your own, what do you know, what you lied to grandpa about,
Don't do anything, say anything, say anything, say anything, say anything,
What to say, what to say,
What to say, what to say, what to say, what to say, what to say, what to say, what to say, what to say, what to say, what to say, what to say, what to say, what to say, what to say, what to say, what to say, what to say ,
What to say, what to say, what to say, what to say, what to say, what to say, what to say, what to say,
say what,
little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little
Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny, Tiny